Add stats agg api (#524)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/hyperfunctions/stats-aggs.md

a slightly different form than otherwise available in PostgreSQL and
TimescaleDB.

> An example of how the aggregates work, calculating the average, standard deviation and kurtosis of a value in the measurements table. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we calculate the average, standard deviation, and kurtosis of a value in the `measurements` table:
```

> ```SQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sql
```

SELECT 
    time_bucket('10 min'::interval, ts), 
    average(stats_agg(val)), 
    stddev(stats_agg(val), 'pop'),
    kurtosis(stats_agg(val), 'pop')
FROM measurements
GROUP BY 1;
```

> This uses a two-step aggregation process. The first step is an aggregation step (`stats_agg(val)`),
> which creates a machine-readable form of the aggregate . The second step is an accessor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This uses a two-step aggregation process. The first step is an aggregation step (`stats_agg(val)`),
which creates a machine-readable form of the aggregate. The second step is an accessor.
```

> (The accessors in our case are `average`, `stddev`, & `kurtosis`). These accessors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available accessors are `average`, `stddev`, & `kurtosis`. The accessors
```

> run some final calculations and output the calculated value in a human-readable way. This makes it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run final calculations and output the calculated value in a human-readable way. This makes it
```

easier to construct your queries, because it distinguishes the parameters, and
makes it clear which aggregates are being re-aggregated or rolled up.
Additionally, because this query syntax is used in all Timescale Toolkit
queries, when you are used to it, you can use it to construct more and more
complicated queries.

> For some more technical details and usage examples of the two-step aggregation method, see the [blog post on aggregates][blog-aggregates] or the [developer documentation][gh-two-step-agg].

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For some more technical details and usage examples of the two-step aggregation 
method, see the [blog post on aggregates][blog-aggregates] or the 
[developer documentation][gh-two-step-agg].
```

> 
> A more complex example using window functions to calculate tumbling window statistical aggregates. 
> The statistical aggregate is first calculated over each minute in the subquery 
> and then the `rolling` aggregate is used to re-aggregate it over each 15 minute period preceding. 
> The accessors remain the same from the previous example. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A more complex example uses window functions to calculate tumbling window statistical aggregates. 
The statistical aggregate is first calculated over each minute in the subquery 
and then the `rolling` aggregate is used to re-aggregate it over each 15 minute period preceding. 
The accessors remain the same as the previous example:
```

> 
> ```SQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sql
```

SELECT 
    bucket, 
    average(rolling(stats_agg) OVER fifteen_min), 
    stddev(rolling(stats_agg) OVER fifteen_min, 'pop'),
    kurtosis(rolling(stats_agg) OVER fifteen_min, 'pop')
FROM (SELECT 
        time_bucket('1 min'::interval, ts) AS bucket, 
        stats_agg(val)
     FROM measurements
     GROUP BY 1) AS stats
WINDOW fifteen_min as (ORDER BY bucket ASC RANGE '15 minutes' PRECEDING);
```

> # 1D vs 2D (linear regression) Statistical Aggregates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 1D and 2D linear regression with statistical aggregates
```

> Note that the `stats_agg` aggregate is available in two forms, a one-dimensional aggregate which was
> demonstrated above and a two-dimensional aggregate which takes in two variables `(Y, X)` (the dependent
> and independent variables respectively). The two-dimensional aggregate performs all the same calculations 
> on each individual variable as performing separate one-dimensional aggregates would and additionally
> performs linear regression on the two variables. Accessors for one-dimensional values simply append an 
> `_y` or `_x` to the name. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `stats_agg` aggregate is available in two forms, a one-dimensional 
aggregate shown earlier in this section, and a two-dimensional aggregate. 
The two-dimensional aggregate takes in two variables `(Y, X)`, which are 
dependent and independent variables respectively. The two-dimensional 
aggregate performs all the same calculations on each individual variable 
as performing separate one-dimensional aggregates would and 
additionally performs linear regression on the two variables. Accessors 
for one-dimensional values append a `_y` or `_x` to the name. For 
example:
```

> ```SQL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```sql
```

SELECT 
    average_y(stats_agg(val2, val1)), -- equivalent to average(stats_agg(val2))
    stddev_x(stats_agg(val2, val1)), -- equivalent to stddev(stats_agg(val1))
    slope(stats_agg(val2, val1)) -- the slope of the least squares fit line of the values in val2 & val1
FROM measurements_multival;
```

> For more information about statistical aggregation API calls, see the
> [hyperfunction API documentation][hyperfunctions-api-stats-agg].

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For more information about statistical aggregation API calls, see the
[hyperfunction API documentation][hyperfunctions-api-stats-agg].
```
